.TH MM3D 1 "May 31, 2007"
.SH NAME
mm3d \- Maverick Model 3D
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mm3d
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B mm3d
command.
.PP
\fBmm3d\fP is an OpenGL\-based 3D model editor that works with triangle\-based
models. It supports multi\-level undo, skeletal animations, simple texturing,
scripting, command\-line batch processing, and a plugin system for adding new
model and image filters. Complete online help is included. It is designed to
be easy to use and easy to extend with plugins and scripts.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print command line help and exit
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Print version information and exit
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-batch
Batch mode (exit after processing command line)
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-save
Save command line changes to model files
.TP
.B \-\-convert [format]
Save models to format [format]
.TP
.B \-\-no-plugins
Disable all plugins
.TP
.B \-\-no-plugin [foo]
Disable plugin [foo]
.TP
.B \-\-sysinfo
Display system information (for bug reports)
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Display debug messages in console
.TP
.B \-\-warnings
Display warning messages in console
.TP
.B \-\-errors
Display error messages in console
.TP
.B \-\-no-debug
Do not display debug messages in console
.TP
.B \-\-no-warnings
Do not display warning messages in console
.TP
.B \-\-no-errors
Do not display error messages in console
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blender (1),
.BR wings3d (1).
.SH AUTHOR
mm3d was written by Kevin Worcester.
.PP
This manual page was written by G\[:u]rkan Seng\[:u]n <gurkan@linuks.mine.nu>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
